revolverlab.com with an eye on technology
develop some myths about the camera htc
one m8 camera photo camera camera camera
The quality of the camera in the smartphone is one of
most important indicators when choosing this
smartphone though what is this strange phrase
bye camera quality photo quality
done and the camera yes I know there is
notion
and often depends not on the quality of
smartphone cameras from the primates of your hands and
me how and what you need to remove his children
such cool photos on Instagram
summer cottage in a camera of a million megapixels
let such a delicious'll tviner
very other pots today we will
understand the camera htc one m8 because
it is this smartphone to our surprise
left you a lot of questions me
name is Ivan Guchkov this site
revolverlab.com turn on go 4
ultrapixel and it's a lot or a little as
get out of one m7 resolution to the world
84 ultrapixel and the number 4 is responsible here.
for photo resolution when shooting
Maximum resolution of a photo about htc
one m8 2688 for 1520 points to view
photos on the full hd screen of the smartphone
Although this is sufficient and it is enough
for viewing on a large monitor
I do not think that many of you are at home
display resolution which exceeds
2000 600 points
the only nuance at which quality
htc one m8 photos can supply
This with a large them or the same when pruning
photos but what about cropping photos and
post-processing people are you serious
are going to scribble a photo and engage
postprocessing in photoshop and lightroom
guys I ask you do not complicate yourself
life a smartphone was created to her
make life easier and mobile photo cycle
ends up being laid out
is this someone a social network or gone
Forest save and now everything in the cloud
make pictures everyone has phones
a man walking around saw something and move
filmed it but then a photo is a hospital and what
If you take this picture and instantly
put it on the net to share it
with friends this instagram no I don't
completely different my idea are you doing a photo
and instantly put them on the net this
instagram then stop that you
cling to him from him ideas to me he
then even if you need printouts
9 by 12 mobile photo for
your grandmother 2k resolution will be quite
enough and why at all
ultrapixel and the essence of ultrapixel and interesting
unlike the ordinary ultrapixel pixel
accumulates 300 times more light that
allows him to do better
shots in the dark and now choose
you have a good photo quality with a bad one
lighting or the ability to trim
photos also note that
htc one m8 camera thanks to its am
Pixels makes awesome videos in
darkness and indeed issues video will give
a head start to many competitors
well what else questions have no questions
pick it up in two months friends
if you want to make sure that when
using direct hands htc one m8 can
make really cool photos and
video follow the link in the description to
I will post this video on our site
a large number of examples of photos and videos
made by me on htc one m8
subscribe to the channel revolver lab
share this video with friends on twitter
vkontakte facebook and google +